Apple Pie 
Description: 
Let's make an apple pie for Chirstmas dinner and bring warm to your family! 

Ingredients: 
    1. Pie Crust: 
        All purpose flour: 2 1/4 cups
        Unsalted butter: 1 cup 
        Iced water: 1 Cup
        Salt: 1 teaspoon 
    2. Apple filling: 
        Large apples: 4
        Granulated Sugar: 1/4 cup
        Brown Sugar: 1/4 cup
        Ground cinnamon: 1/4 teaspoon 
        Ground nutmeg: 1/8 teaspoon
        All purpose flour: 1 tablespoon
        Lemon: half (need zest and juice)
        Egg: 1 medium size 

Steps: 
1. Dice unsalted butter into small cubes 
2. Add butter, flour, and salt into a food processor. Mix it until the mixture has a sand texture with some small lumps of butter remaining. 
3. Pour one tablespoon of iced water through the feeding tube at a time and mix evenly after each addition. Stop adding water if the mixture start to form large clumps. 
4. Dump the mixture onto a clean surface and rub them together with your hands (clean of course). Then cut the dough in half and form them into two disks. Refrigerate them for at lease an hour. Take out the dough 3-4 minutes ahead so it starts softening. 
5. Sprinkle some flour onto the clean surface and rolling pin. Roll out the first dough until it fits your pie pan. Carefully transfer the dough into the pan and cut off any exceed edges. 
6. In a large bowl, combine sliced apple, granulated sugar, brown sugar, flour, cinnamon, nutmeg and the zeest and juice of the lemon. Mix until the apples are coated evenly. 
7. Preheat the oven to 400F
8. Put the mixture into the pie pan. 
9. Sprinkle some flour onto the clean surface and rolling pin. Roll out the second dough until it covers the pie top. Carefully place it on top of the pie and cut 4 slits in the middle to allow the steam to vent.
10. Brush the surface of the pie with the egg wash. Cover the edges with strip of tin foil to keep them from burnt. 
11. Bake at 400F 25 mins. Take off the tin foil. Keep baking at 375F for another 30-35 mins until the top is golden. 
12. Cool down at room temperature and ready to serve ;) 